1. The client was named The Gaming Room. Their goal was to create a web-based game called Draw It or Lose It. the purpose of the game is to guess what the images are on screen. They wanted the game to be accessed through a web browser so they could cater to all kinds of users and it wouldn't matter what device they were using. 
2. I think I did particularly well in providing an Evaluation on the characteristics of each operating system and describe the benefits and drawbacks of each. 
3. I thought it was very useful to have a clear outline of what the client wants and how the developers will go about achieving what the client wants. Using the design document makes it easy to understand what the plans are and can write everything in plain English so we can provide it to the client and they can critique what they don't like and we can change it.
4. One area that I would revise would be regarding the client side of the evaluation template. Since this is a web-based application, it is not an app developed for each individual platform. So I should have described the different web browsers that would need to be supported instead of talking about the different code languages for each platform to develop specific apps for.
5. I wanted the user experience to be as smooth and easy to use as possible. So I wanted to use whatever protocols would best serve the user, such as proper memory management and network security. It is important to consider the user's needs as they are the most important aspect of the game. If users don't like enjoy playing the game or using the app, then there is no revenue and no one is playing your game. 
6. I liked the approach of using a design template to help with development as it allowed to see the project from a bird's eye view and see the bigger picture. It forced me to see the project from different aspects instead of focusing on one thing and then getting tunnel vision on just that one thing. I had to think about every aspect of the development process, which in turn allowed me to design a more well-rounded application. 
